Add custom shader_version on glow renderer (#1993)
emilk/egui: crates/egui_glow/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased
* Allow empty textures.

> * small BREAKING change: Added `custom_shader_version` variable on `EguiGlow::new` for easier cross compilling on different OpenGL | ES targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added `custom_shader_version` variable on `EguiGlow::new` for easier cross compilling on different OpenGL | ES targets ([#1993](https://github.com/emilk/egui/pull/1993)).
```
